Add 'Creating icons' section to the wiki (#2170)
elastic/eui: CONTRIBUTING.md

When creating new components, adding new features, or fixing bugs, please refer to the [Component Development guidelines][docs-components]. If there isn't an associated issue on the bug tracker yet, consider creating one so that you get a chance to discuss the changes you have in mind with the rest of the team.

### Adding icons

> EUI provides an ever-growing set of [icons][icons], but there are times when you still need something else. In this case, create a new issue and label it with the *icons* tag. A designer from the EUI team will respond to discuss your needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
EUI provides an ever-growing set of [icons][icons], but our set can be incomplete. If you find you need an icon that does not exist, create a new issue and tag it with the *icons* label. A designer from the EUI team will respond to discuss your needs.
```
